Include docs about dual-stack config (#3620)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/installation/network-options/_index.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{% /tabs %}}

### Dual-stack installation

> To enable dual-stack in k3s, you must set a dual-stack `cluster-cidr`, `service-cidr` and `node-ip` config. Dual-stack network policies are not yet supported when using flannel as the cni plugin (default cni plugin). This is an example of a valid configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable dual-stack in k3s, you must provide valid dual-stack `cluster-cidr` and `service-cidr`, and  set `disable-network-policy`, on all server nodes. Both servers and agents must provide valid dual-stack `note-ip` settings. Node address auto-detection and network policy enforcement are not supported on dual-stack clusters when using the default flannel CNI.

This is an example of a valid server configuration:
```

```

> cluster-cidr: 10.42.0.0/16,2001:cafe:42:0::/56
> service-cidr: 10.43.0.0/16,2001:cafe:42:1::/112
> disable-network-policy: true
> node-ip: 10.0.10.7,2a05:d012:c6f:4611:5c2:5602:eed2:898c

Reviewer: nit: put node-ip first since it'll need to be repeated on agents as well
```suggestion
node-ip: 10.0.10.7,2a05:d012:c6f:4611:5c2:5602:eed2:898c
cluster-cidr: 10.42.0.0/16,2001:cafe:42:0::/56
service-cidr: 10.43.0.0/16,2001:cafe:42:1::/112
disable-network-policy: true
```
